Add examples of CRD propagation, fix crd propagation guide (#341)
kubernetes-sigs/federation-v2: docs/federating_crds.md

# Federate a CRD in the target cluster

Handling arbitrary resources is one of the essential use-cases for federation. This example will demonstrate how to 
configure federation to handle a previously unknown, arbitrary Custom Resource.

**Note:**

> If your Custom resource works with a controller, the controller should be handle separately.  

Author: Usually CRD works together with one or more controllers. This example propagate instances of CRD only. Related controllers should be distributed separately.

> If your Custom resource works with a controller, the controller should be handle separately.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide addresses only propagating instances of a custom resource. Controllers that service custom resource are not addressed here.
```

### Prerequisites

> The federation v2 suppports installation for both cluster-scoped and namespace-scoped. In [user guide](./userguide.md), we are following cluster-scoped federation and deploying federation controller in the namespace `federation-system`. Also, you will be creating the two clusters i.e. `cluster1` and `cluster2` and federation v2 will be installed on `cluster1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have federation deployed according to the [user guide](./userguide.md). The cluster where federation is deployed will be `cluster1`. You must have another cluster available to use as `cluster2` in this guide.
```

> The federation v2 suppports installation for both cluster-scoped and namespace-scoped. In [user guide](./userguide.md), we are following cluster-scoped federation and deploying federation controller in the namespace `federation-system`. Also, you will be creating the two clusters i.e. `cluster1` and `cluster2` and federation v2 will be installed on `cluster1`.

Reviewer 2: The updated doc looks good to me.

# Federate a CRD in the target cluster

Handling arbitrary resources is one of the essential use-cases for federation. This example will demonstrate how to 
configure federation to handle a previously unknown, arbitrary custom resource.

**Note:**
This guide addresses only propagating instances of a custom resource. Controllers that service custom resource are not addressed here.

### Prerequisites

> You must have federation deployed according to the [user guide](./userguide.md). The cluster where federation is deployed will be `cluster1`. You must have another cluster available to use as `cluster2` in this guide.

Reviewer 2: Ah, using [user guide](./userguide.md) is good here.

> You must have federation deployed according to the [user guide](./userguide.md). The cluster where federation is deployed will be `cluster1`. You must have another cluster available to use as `cluster2` in this guide.

Reviewer 2: Ah, using [user guide](./userguide.md) is good here.

> You must have federation deployed according to the [user guide](./userguide.md). The cluster where federation is deployed will be `cluster1`. You must have another cluster available to use as `cluster2` in this guide.

Reviewer 2: Ah, using [user guide](./userguide.md) is good here.

> You must have federation deployed according to the [user guide](./userguide.md). The cluster where federation is deployed will be `cluster1`. You must have another cluster available to use as `cluster2` in this guide.

Reviewer 2: Ah, using [user guide](./userguide.md) is good here.

> You must have federation deployed according to the [user guide](./userguide.md). The cluster where federation is deployed will be `cluster1`. You must have another cluster available to use as `cluster2` in this guide.

Reviewer 2: Ah, using [user guide](./userguide.md) is good here.

> You must have federation deployed according to the [user guide](./userguide.md). The cluster where federation is deployed will be `cluster1`. You must have another cluster available to use as `cluster2` in this guide.

Reviewer 2: Ah, using [user guide](./userguide.md) is good here.

  override:
    kind: FederatedBarOverride
  overridePath:
   - spec
   - data
```

Deploy it to the federated host cluster

```shell

> $ kubectl apply  --validate=false   -f ./example/crd/federatedBar.yaml --context=cluster1

Reviewer 2: You need to remove some space for this command.
```shell
kubectl apply --validate=false -f ./example/crd/federatedBar.yaml --context=cluster1
```

  - cluster1

> 

Reviewer 2: kill this line

```
Deploy it to the cluster that hosts federation
```shell

> kubectl --validate=false apply -f example/crd/federatedbar_test.yaml  --context=cluster1

Reviewer 2: ```
kubectl --validate=false apply -f example/crd/federatedbar_test.yaml --context=cluster1
```

Remove a space before `--context=cluster1`

federatedbar.federation.example.io/test-crd created
federatedbaroverride.federation.example.io/test-crd created
federatedbarplacement.federation.example.io/test-crd created
``` 

Now we can check instances of our CRD

> ```

Reviewer 2: Add `shell` here

$ kubectl get bars -n test-namespace --context=cluster1
NAME       AGE
test-crd   30m

$ kubectl get bars test-crd -n test-namespace --context=cluster1 -oyaml
apiVersion: example.io/v1
kind: Bar
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: 2018-10-19T07:12:07Z
  generation: 1
  labels:
    app: fed-crd
  name: test-crd
  namespace: test-namespace
  resourceVersion: "14445996"
  selfLink: /apis/example.io/v1/namespaces/test-namespace/bars/test-crd
  uid: 49d31994-d36e-11e8-a4f3-fa163e77d0a4
spec:
  data: Hello

> 

Reviewer 2: kill this line

$ kubectl get bars -n test-namespace --context=cluster2
NAME       AGE
test-crd   30m

$ kubectl get bars test-crd -n test-namespace --context=cluster2 -oyaml

> 

Reviewer 2: kill this line
